# Simple_Java_Project2
NOTE: We will use if-else and while flow controls in this assignment. You only need to do the questions with these flow controls and other topics we covered in the lesson. Students who have already taken the course must also comply with this rule.

Question 1: We want to estimate the coordinates of a point randomly chosen by the program in an x-y coordinate system. Assume that each dimension in the coordinate system is a set of values between 1 and 100 and is an integer. Accordingly, the program will generate a random number between 1 and 100 separately for the x and y coordinates and will ask you to find these numbers. When making your guess, you will enter two integers on the screen (x and y coordinates, respectively). If your guess is correct, the program should tell you that you guessed correctly and ask if you want to play again. If your guess is wrong, the program will tell you which direction to move using geographic directions. The coordinate system defined for this is given as follows:

Therefore, the coordinates in the upper left corner will be (1, 1), while the coordinates in the lower right will be (100, 100). While the program guides you in geographical directions, it references the point you selected at that moment and tells you in which direction the point it has chosen is for you. Here it uses 8 geographic directions. If the x-coordinate is correctly estimated, one no longer goes east-west, but only either north or south. Similarly, if y is predicted correctly, only east and west will go. In other cases (you haven't found both coordinates yet) it says one of the intermediate directions (northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest). For example, if it tells you to go southwest, you should increase the y value (the y value increases as you go south), and you decrease the x value (the x value decreases as you go west).
Assumptions: Assume that the user always enters data correctly.

Question 2: A graph of the balance sheet information of four companies named A, B, C and D is requested to be printed on the screen. Accordingly, you should write a program that takes 4 integers from the user (you can think of them as the balance sheet of companies A, B, C and D, respectively) and prints these numbers on the screen in a graph-like manner. There should be a range from 1 to the maximum balance sheet value on the screen, a balance sheet information shown with asterisks, and a label information at the bottom showing which balance sheet value belongs to which company. Although the label information is fixed here, the maximum balance sheet value changes according to the values entered by the user.
Assumptions: Assume that the user enters a minimum of 1, a maximum of 99 values and enters valid values.
